In this i will share information on how to reach customers in 2 ways
1.) By spending money on ads
2.) By spending time on bloggging.

You can choose what works for you better.



POINTS TO REMEMBER->
SEO, ads or webinars work great when people have a clear problem to be solved, i.e., when they know they need a solution.
If you keep believing your product is your customer’s only goal, you’ll keep talking only about yourself.


1.) Storytelling or blogs -

Follow below 3 steps to success -

Step 1) Define your core narrative
Find your products “core narrative,”. Meaning Your core narrative is what you sell beyond your product. It’s the broad idea behind your otherwise selfish brand..
As an example  -
1.)The full-service storage company Clutter doesn’t hard-sell its boring storage services. It talks about delivering peace of mind.
2.)The same could go for an accounting company. Why not talk about freedom instead?
3.) JotForm doesn’t hard-sell its audience on its online forms — forms are boring and there are dozens of identical online form competitors. Their content instead helps organizations become more productive.
4.)Intercom’s blog doesn’t talk about its chatbot products; its content instead focuses on how to make business personal again.
5.)Slack - “What we are selling is not the software product because there are just not many buyers for this software product. That’s why what we’re selling is organizational transformation. The software just happens to be the part we’re able to build and ship.”

As a business, you will obviously have content about your product launches, case studies, or company announcements. Indeed, Intercom often publishes about its feature releases; so does Basecamp.
That’s why it’s critical to break down your core narrative into tiers. You can think of your tiers as categories your stories will cover — they help you to turn such high-level narrative into an actionable content plan.
And your tiers can have a varying dose of “you” — from a tier that covers product-related topics (more about you) to one that solves your audience’s other, broader problems (nothing about you).
In other words, when brought together, the portfolio of your tiers should bring together the pieces of your core narrative.

Step 2) Define your ultimate goal
1.) Find out if your customers know what solution they need when searching on google? Ex- buy iphone. Here they know what they want. If yes,then spend money on SEO,adwords etc..
2.) Find out if your  markets has too many identical competitors, which is becoming the new normal in an increasing number of industries. If so spend time on blogging
3.) Do we have a product market fit ? If not blogging is not for you as its too early


Step 3) In the content game, your writing is your product
Define your high-level goal. (Step 2)
Build your core narrative. Break it down into tiers. (Step 1)
Come up with individual story ideas under each tier.
